# PHBS_BlockChain_2018
I introduction
 In recent years, journalism has encountered great development difficulties. Social media and content mobisage mediator have become the main entrance for people to obtain information. News faking, writing sensational headlines and other issues have seriously affected the information environment. The business model of mainstream media has been disintegrated by the emerging technologies and has encountered serious survival difficulties, even stigmatized as "false news".
 As a distributed accounting technology accessible to everyone, blockchain has the characteristics of de-centralization, de-intermediation, openness and transparency to a certain extent, as well as strong recording capability and tamper-proof function.  In blockchain, data is not stored in one or several central nodes, but exist in all the user nodes in the network–the so-called de-center.  Users can bypass the third party and make direct point-to-point transactions–the so-called de-intermediation. Every additional transaction or information will be backed up for everyone–the so-called openness and transparency.  All records are permanently saved and can be traced back infinitely. moreover, "modification" can only be carried out by adding new records rather than deleting the old ones .  Unless more than 51% of the nodes in the system can be controlled at the same time, modifications to the database on a single node are invalid―thus having strong recording capability and tamper-proof function.
 These characteristics provoke a huge potential for the development of the news industry. At present, media entrepreneurs in blockchain, represented by Matters, Civil and Po.et, are exploring it. On the basis of pay walls model of encrypted digital currency, they are trying to provide a de-centralized content market for content creators, as well as providing services such as news interviews, content publishing, text copyright, content distribution and so on. They are committed to granting the content creators continuous rewards and reputation.
 
 Ⅱ the influence of Blockchain technology on all aspects of the news industry
 1. Distributed production
 In social media such as microblog and WeChat, the threshold for information release is greatly lowered. Users can express their views through comments, forwarding and praise, which affects the scope and direction of information dissemination. However, only mainstream media and a small number of large V's have the ability to continuously produce professional content. They can set the agenda by choosing what content to release.
 Through Blockchain technology, we can build a collectively maintained distributed ledger based on public issues, encourage more users with consensus to participate in news production, information supplement and facts verification. Complete transparency and de-centralization of news production will be realized through open source algorithms and procedures, and ordinary users from the dissemination node of information turned into the recorder of distributed ledger.
 As blockchain is traceable and cannot be tampered with, the identity information of each recorder is also recorded in distributed ledger. Once false news is found, we can quickly locate the original block where the false information was uploaded and find the modified record. Through consensus mechanism in blockchain, the fact verification of news can be realized, the existing errors can be found and corrected in time, and the credibility of news can be improved.
 
 2. Fair distribution
 With the maturity of artificial intelligence algorithms such as collaborative filtering, SVD and K-Means, content platforms such as Toutiao have developed content recommendation engines based on artificial intelligence algorithms, replacing "people search for information" with "recommend information to people", greatly improving the efficiency of information distribution.  On the one hand, people are immersed in what they like and are unwilling to contact diversified content, which will lead to the emergence of the "information cocoons" problem.  On the other hand, the core algorithms used by major Internet companies have not been made public, and only a small number of professional organizations have the ability to optimize their own content according to the requirements of artificial intelligence algorithms. The content they produce can spread viruses faster through intelligent distribution, which will aggravate the problem of unequal information rights.
 Through consensus mechanism in Blockchain technology, we can obtain a neutral distribution mechanism that is commonly accepted by users, and open source relevant algorithms and programs, thus ensuring the fairness of the content distribution mechanism. blockchain's tamper-proof performance avoids the influence of malicious deletion of posts on public discussions, thus preventing a few elites from distorting the facts and even affecting the independence of the news media.
 Snip, a decentralized news platform, is based on a community with consensus. Its content includes various types of news reports. It provides customized content for each user by using the open source News source algorithm. The platform does not have editing recommendations. Users can choose content according to their likes and habits to avoid the influence of editing bias.
 
 3. Flexible pricing
 At present, the online subscription service of new york Times, Caixin and other media mainly adopts a monthly system, and users pay a fixed subscription fee on a monthly or annual basis.  On the one hand, a small number of blockbuster reports have significantly enriched the data such as media reading, paid users and user usage time, but these values cannot be directly translated into the income of the authors of the blockbuster reports.  On the other hand, due to high subscription fees, a large number of long-tail reports in sub-sectors cannot obtain reasonable price fixing and popularization opportunities, while digital natives such as Generation Z are often more willing to pay for a single piece of content they like..
 Based on massive content resources, a digital copyright database is established to automatically realize quotation tracing, transaction records and income settlement. Through Smart contract, the terms in the copyright transaction process are clearly defined technology, copyright authorization and payment are automatically executed.  In addition, Cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin and Ethereum allows for payment in small amounts, which also creates conditions for flexible content pricing.
 Accurate copyright tracking contributes to realizing the fair distribution of the interests of fair owners. Producers of original content can continue to obtain income from their own direct works and derivatives. The income of creators is directly linked to the value of works.  Users can pay flexibly and efficiently according to their actual use requirements. Payment methods can include direct payment of digital currency or indirect payment (e.g. using the computing power of personal equipment to dig mines or watch advertisements to exchange relevant rights and interests).
 However, the realization of flexible pricing through blockchain also requires the establishment of a reasonable pricing mechanism based on consensus. As every click and reading behavior is recorded, a huge transaction volume will be formed, which also requires the retention of a large amount of historical data on the blockchain node.
 
 4. Copyright protection
 With the popularization of digitalization of press and publication, new technologies, on the one hand, have reduced the cost of information circulation and improved the speed of content dissemination; on the other hand, they also have brought about new problems of copyright protection. The cost of copyright protection is high in copyright registration, and the cost of safeguarding rights is much higher than the illegal cost of piracy. The applications of Baidu Netdisk and Youdao Cloud Notes, while facilitating users' personal knowledge management, also provide room for the storage and dissemination of pirated content.  In the long run, the legitimate rights and interests of producers of original content cannot be fully protected, which will affect their enthusiasm in creating content.
 We can use Blockchain technology for copyright protection and take advantage of blockchain's non-falsifiability.  With digital signatures, we can realize copyright tracking of digital content, hash the content of digital works and save the hash value and content abstract on blockchain, thus reducing the cost of copyright ownership authentication, infringement detection and rights protection services.
 On the Po.et platform, by using WordPress plug-in or Frost's custom application, journalists can easily register and release their works, create customized redistribution licenses, and set up innovative payment structures to truly implement their ownership rights.  Since blockchain can track every sale, it can also ensure the accurate distribution of royalties.
 
 5. Transparent advertising
 For the advertising industry, blockchain's consensus mechanism and incorruptibility make the process of advertising and effect monitoring transparent.  Based on distributed bookkeeping, Hash encryption, P2P and other Blockchain technology, we can build an open source and traceable advertising trading platform. At the same time, we can ensure the automatic and real-time trading through Smart contract. Data such as advertising access records are all linked up after HASH encryption and made public.
 Through transparent and trusted distributed books, advertisers can see how much of their spending will eventually flow to the traffic owners, and screen advertising providers according to the actual value generated in the advertising process, so that the limited funds invested can obtain high rewards. Advertisers can choose the appropriate Smart contract according to their release demand. They can also select labels for the industry, age, region and other multi-dimensional dimensions of the release object, and accurately select the release object.
 For the news media, the application of blockchain in advertisement placement can, on the one hand, allow the media to concentrate on content production and avoid the influence of media operation on content neutrality. At the same time, news media content producers are expected to bypass the content mobisage mediator and directly obtain advertisement released from advertisers without middlemen to earn the profits. On the other hand, transparent advertisement pricing mechanism may eliminate the premium of brand credibility of news media in advertisement pricing, which will also make the media more dependent on advertising methods such as soft articles.
 
 III. Conclusion
 The media in blockchain are expected to play a great role in distributed production, fair distribution, flexible pricing, copyright protection and transparent advertising, but there are also certain limitations. For example, the production of serious news itself has a high threshold and is naturally characterized by elitism, users' attention is easily attracted by content with elements such as pornography and violence, and the standard of fact verification itself has a lot of ambiguity. In short, blockchain cannot solve all the difficulties in the development of the news industry, but it can provide great reference and technical support for the development and innovation of journalism.
